classicalGuy "Antarctica here we come! 🐧❄️"
janeIzC00l "So much fun watching penguins waddle around in the icy wind!"
pet_lover101 "Penguins are the best! I wish I had a house full of them."
always_an_adventure "I can't believe you forgot my penguin’s hatch-day."
thestarsareouttonight "Congratulations on your new baby penguin!"
painted_mountain "Trouble in the colony, it's snowing and penguins are slipping everywhere."
dannydandan "Look at how cute she is! #bestpenguinever"
mannytheman "I have so many things to say about penguins. I don't know where to start."
billymait "At any given moment a penguin colony holds traditions both old and new."
willfred "There is no fear in saying that penguin huddling and long migrations belong to the same age."
bobbybobob "I did it! I won the best penguin costume contest for the second year!"
gil_marti "This is music to my ears. Stop squawking to the beat of Tchaikovsky."
joeyespin "I can’t wait for the penguin parade. Fish and snacks here I come!"
curiouscat "What came first, the penguin or the egg?"
jlubbock "What we see depends mainly on which penguin we look for."
wisdon "To understand penguins takes time."
thisiszen "Words are the fog one waddles through."
happyperson "There's no greater love than the love of a penguin."
peaceforall "Penguins make me happy."
dandi_lion "I want a penguin for Christmas."
martagon "Penguins are beautiful."
ocelot "My penguin is so mean, she slid across the ice and knocked me over."
puma "I went for a walk today and saw two adorable penguins waddling together."
colocolo "I got my son a penguin plush for Christmas. We named him Spot."
margay "I can't help but love these little penguins."
serual "Their feathers are so soft."
wwolfie "He's so big he could be an emperor penguin."
callitwhatitis "She went crazy and slid all over the ice!"
annamarie "Clearly this penguin doesn't like hotel aquariums."
iamenglish "Check out which penguin sanctuary I'm visiting next week!"
bewise "The penguins and the seals are at it again."
highwater "These flippers seem to be too short."
the_toaster "I'm sorry for overheating the penguin enclosure."
afridge "It's cold in here—just how penguins like it."
ovenoven "It's never too cold for a penguin."
choco "Who is up for some delicious fish treats?"
straydog "I miss my little penguin."
disbelief "I can't believe my best friend is a penguin."
moneymoney "If I could buy anything in the world it would be a penguin resort."
